README.md, before:

# JSONP filter for Play! framework

This filter enables JSONP on your existing API: any resource that returns a JSON content will return a JavaScript fragment if there is an additional `callback` parameter in the query string.

For example, if the resource `/foo` gives the following JSON result: `{"foo": "bar"}`, the resource `/foo?callback=f` will give the following JavaScript result: `f({"foo": "bar"});`.

## Installation

You will need to download the lib from releases until the original repo owner julienrf decides to upgrade to 2.4.x.
If you can figure out how to pass the codec and the callback parameter name into the filter injection, then he will merge it.

The `1.3` version is compatible with Play 2.4.x.

## Usage
The simplest way to use a filter is to provide an implementation of the HttpFilters trait in the root package
~ https://www.playframework.com/documentation/2.4.x/ScalaHttpFilters

```scala
import play.api.mvc.WithFilters
import play.api.libs.concurrent.Execution.Implicits.defaultContext
import julienrf.play.jsonp.Jsonp

import javax.inject.Inject
import julienrf.play.jsonp.Jsonp
import play.api.http.HttpFilters

class Filters @Inject()(jsonpFilter: Jsonp) extends HttpFilters {
  def filters = Seq(jsonpFilter)
}
```

# Changelog

- v1.3: support for Play 2.4.x ;
- v1.2: support for Play 2.3.x ;
- [v1.1](https://github.com/julienrf/play-jsonp-filter/tree/1.1): support for Play 2.2.x.

# License

This content is released under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).

Commit message:

resolvers += "jitpack" at "https://jitpack.io"
libraryDependencies += "com.github.enalmada" % "play-jsonp-filter" % "1.3"upgrade to play 2.4.x

README.md, after:

# JSONP filter for Play! framework

This filter enables JSONP on your existing API: any resource that returns a JSON content will return a JavaScript fragment if there is an additional `callback` parameter in the query string.

For example, if the resource `/foo` gives the following JSON result: `{"foo": "bar"}`, the resource `/foo?callback=f` will give the following JavaScript result: `f({"foo": "bar"});`.

## Installation

Using jitpack:
```
resolvers += "jitpack" at "https://jitpack.io"
libraryDependencies += "com.github.enalmada" % "play-jsonp-filter" % "1.3"
```

Or you can download the lib from releases until the original repo owner julienrf decides to upgrade to 2.4.x.
If you can figure out how to pass the codec and the callback parameter name into the filter injection, then he will merge it.

The `1.3` version is compatible with Play 2.4.x.

## Usage
The simplest way to use a filter is to provide an implementation of the HttpFilters trait in the root package
~ https://www.playframework.com/documentation/2.4.x/ScalaHttpFilters

```scala
import play.api.mvc.WithFilters
import play.api.libs.concurrent.Execution.Implicits.defaultContext
import julienrf.play.jsonp.Jsonp

import javax.inject.Inject
import julienrf.play.jsonp.Jsonp
import play.api.http.HttpFilters

class Filters @Inject()(jsonpFilter: Jsonp) extends HttpFilters {
  def filters = Seq(jsonpFilter)
}
```

# Changelog

- v1.3: support for Play 2.4.x ;
- v1.2: support for Play 2.3.x ;
- [v1.1](https://github.com/julienrf/play-jsonp-filter/tree/1.1): support for Play 2.2.x.

# License

This content is released under the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).
